[epic music]
[gentle instrumental music]
[dramatic music]
[birds calling]
[tiger growling]
[suspenseful music]
[imitating bird calling]
[imitating animal chattering]
[tiger growling]
[parrots screeching]
[gasps]
[monkey roaring]
[tiger growling]
[leaves rustling]
[tiger roaring]
[man Screaming]
[anaconda hissing]
[man screaming]
[man grunting]
- You've sold us a bill of goods, Gordon.
You promised us new
drugs to fight everything
from the common cold to cancer.
- And we'll deliver
everything that we promised.
- I'm sorry, Gordon, but
the adventure is over.
We re exercising our option to liquidate
Byron & Mitchell Research Limited.
- Jack, show these people how filthy rich
we're gonna make them, please.
- Cordon, I don't think you
understand what I just said.
- Oh, I think I understand.
Jack.
- Perrinia immortalis, the Blood Orchid.
First described in 1392 by Houghton,
the last person to see it
until our exploratory team
brought a Sample from Borneo.
The Blood Orchid lies
dormant for seven years,
then blooms for just six months.
- Which means we just got
lucky as hell, gentlemen.
- I don't suppose anyone here
is familiar with the Hayflick limit?
- Hayflick proposed that a cell
could only replicate 56 times
before it died from a buildup of toxins.
According to him, it's
the reason that we die.
- But what if we could
transcend that limit?
- That would be impossible.
- Not according to our data.
Our research indicates
the presence of a chemical
in Perrinia immortalis
that can significantly
prolong cellular life.
- [Gail] I can't support this.
- Does that mean what I think it moans?
- Are we talking about a
pharmaceutical equivalent
to the fountain of youth?
- Exactly.
- That'd be bigger than Viagra.
- Have you put this into human trials?
- We can't yet.
Our sample was degraded
in the initial Study.
We need more of the orchid.
- See, and that's our
only problem, gentlemen.
That orchid is only in
bloom tor another two weeks.
[dramatic music]
- Well, what the hell are you waiting for?
Oct your asses down to Borneo.
- Yes.
- Welcome to Borneo.
- Thanks.
- What's wrong with this picture?
- I don't know, let me see, you're in it?
- We don't have a boat, okay?
Your company had one
responsibility, to get a boat,
and you've already managed to screw it up.
- Wait, wait, wait a minute.
Your girl chartered the boat, not us.
- No, no, Sam confirmed
with the company last night.
They're still waiting for your payment.
- Hey, hey, I've got something.
Payment cleared.
- Really?
- Where's the boat?
- It's not coming.
All of the charter
companies have shut down.
No one'll risk going upriver
until after the rainy season.
- And when's that?
- Two, three weeks.
- The orchid's only in bloom
for one more week, tops.
- There's a local captain named Jin-Soon.
I'm told he'll take anyone
upriver for the right price.
[upbeat hip hop music]
- are you sure this is the place?
- They said the one with the red door.
- I bet you any kind of money
there's somebody's playing
Russian roulette in there.
- Well, maybe we'll get lucky
and they'll give you a turn.
- Hey, why don't you two just get a room.
Come on, Sam.
Wait here.
- Yeah, if you insist.
- Hey, hey.
Jin-Soon.
Jin-Soon?
[speaking in foreign language]
- Your Indonesian sucks.
Stick to English.
- We heard you could take us upriver.
- In rainy season?
Won't be cheap.
- We can pay you 25,000.
- I'll have a talk with the captain.
- What do you mean,
you're not the captain?
- Jin-Soon!
These tourists need a boat.
I told them not in the rainy season.
- You're Jin-Soon?
- Local nickname.
Name's Johnson, Bill Johnson.
It's a pronunciation thing.
And you can rent my boat for 25 grand.
Now, you want me to drive it,
well, that'll cost you 50.
- 50 grand, are you high?
You know what, please
don't answer that question.
There is no way I'm trusting
thiS guy with the expedition.
- Listen, lady.
Let's cut the bullshit, please.
If one of the other charter
companies could take you,
you'd be on the river by now.
You only came to me
because you're desperate.
50 grand's my price.
Take it or leave it.
[dramatic music]
- I've seen subway cars
in better Shape than thiS.
- Yeah, she may be ugly, but she puts out.
- Ah, shit!
- What took you so long?
- Hey, you try getting a GPS
locator, a Sat-Nav EchoStar
and a UV spectrometer
past Indonesian customs.
- Complaining already.
- Yeah.
- Would you rather be back in the office?
- Hell, yeah.
Girl, I had courtside seats
at the Garden Saturday night.
I was gonna sit right
between Spike and Woody.
Oh, man, is that our ride?
- [chuckling] Look at
the bright side, Cole.
At least the weather's nice.
- Ben Douglas, team doctor.
You must be Sam.
- Yeah, we spoke on the phone.
Glad to have you aboard.
- I'm gonna get you for this.
- [Ben] Oh, yeah, this could be fun.
- You can forget about that, dog.
That's one car you
ain't never gonna catch.
- There's always a way.
- Your team's a little green, huh?
- My former grad students.
Best in their field.
Here's a tip for Wexell-Hall:
you want the best young
talent, recruit early.
- Yes, I'm sure Sam's very talented.
- I think I resent that.
- [Bill] You and the other
gal can stay in here.
- You live here.
- The way you say that, I
can tell you're impressed.
All right, and if you need anything.
Well, if you need anything,
you're shit out of luck.
[dramatic music]
- Okay.
Now, this is where the
exploratory team found the orchid.
In the Selatan Basin.
It took them three days to get upriver.
- Yeah, that was before the rainy season.
Some of these waterways
could be dangerous now.
- You said you could got us there safely.
- And I will.
But safe isn't always quick.
We'll work our way upriver
one bend at a time.
If I don't like what I
see, we change course.
You can't chart the fastest
route before you begin.
- Already have.
Check, aight.
Now, we're uplinked in real
time to NASA and AsiaSatCom.
Now, under ideal conditions,
[keyboard clicking]
This is the fastest route.
But once we superimpose weather patterns
for the past 10 years
and then extrapolate,
bingo, it's Padrang to the Selatan Basin.
I'm a bad man.
- All right, look, we got less than a week
to get to that orchid.
Now, if you can't get the job done,
give us our money back and
we'll get somebody who can.
- I'll get you there.
[dramatic music]
- Ugh.
God help me.
Ugh.
[sighing]
[objects rattling]
[suspenseful music]
[monkey growling]
[Gail Screaming]
[monkey chattering]
Something attacked me,
something attacked me!
Oh, my god!
- Man, she said something attacked her.
[monkey chattering]
- No, no, no, no, no!
- It's okay, it's okay.
What the hell did you do?
You scared him.
- I scared him?
- This is Kong.
Kong lives here.
You're guests.
Be nice.
- Disgusting animal.
- Uh, you okay now?
- I'm fine, just keep
your hands off of me.
- Oh, yeah, well, it's gonna
be tough, but I'll try.
[bright instrumental music]
No, no, the S-1 has to be on
file before the week is out.
- Yeah, yeah.
- No, I don't care.
See, that's the point.
- Yeah, yeah, hello?
- No, the S-1 needs to be on
file before the week is out.
- Yes, we were able to get on the river...
- Well, that's the whole purpose.
We need the comments back from the SEC.
- Uh-huh, yeah.
- Excuse me, excuse me.
I'm trying...
- lt's the only place
I got reception.
- No, juSt get it done, okay?
- No, that's impossible.
- We need to be ready to go,
effectively...
- Three, four days...
Hello?
- Hello?
- Hello!
- Bob!
- Damn!
- Damn it!
- Try my phone.
Works just as good, but it's free.
- Oh, okay, okay, maybe you
can use my Special antenna
to boost your reception.
[Tran laughing]
- [Jack] We're dealing
with a lithophytic vine,
so we want to search any rock face.
- Now, this ridge here seems a good bot.
- Sam.
[camera shutter clicks]
Come on, Sam, what do you say?
We're young, we're
Single, we're in Borneo.
What do you got to lose?
You're not satisfied, you
walk away, no commitments.
- No commitments?
That's your pitch?
- Did I say no commitments?
I meant marry me.
- Am I gonna be dealing with
thiS for the next two weeks?
- Yep.
[dramatic music]
- So you were one of Jack's students?
- Yeah, he was teaching a seminar
on botanical pharmacology.
Soon as I finished my
dissertation, he hired me.
- Well, that's one way to get a leg up.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- I had a professor who wanted to hire me
right out of school.
Of course, he wanted
me to be his secretary.
- Look, it I've done something
to offend you in any way...
- No, no, dear, not at all.
Actually, I admire you.
Took me 10 years to get where I am.
Clearly, your generation
has it figured out.
- Man, this is good, man.
Where'd you learn to cook like this?
- It's just a little recipe
I picked up in Sri Lanka.
- What were you doing there?
- Doctors Without Borders.
It's my day job.
- You guys expect to need
a doctor for Some reason?
- Can't get the expedition
bonded without one.
- Well, you just think of me
as a charming insurance policy.
[suspenseful music]
[Kong squeals]
- Hey!
[Kong gasps]
You've had your dinner.
Oct out of here.
[Kong grunting]
Ah, what'd I say?
[Kong babbling]
- [Gail] There's not that much...
- [Cole] I'm serious, Gail,
I'm not sleeping up there.
I ain't sleeping on the floor.
I ain't sleeping on no damn. [mumbles]
[Kong squealing]
[Kong screeching]
[dramatic music]
[anaconda hissing]
[Kong screeching]
- Oh, shit, what was that?
- What the hell was that?
- Something's getting eaten.
- By what?
- Everything gets eaten out here.
It's the jungle.
[clicking tongue]
Kong.
Hey, you guys seen Kong?
- No, not since last night.
[Bill sighing]
Come on, man.
- Why's that?
Where are you?
Kong?
- We need those results by next month
if we want the FDA off our backs.
Hello?
Shit!
I can't hoar you!
Can you hear me now?
How about now?
- We can.
- Can you hear me now?
[Gail screaming]
[dramatic music]
- Oh, shit.
- Gail, oh, my god.
Oh, my god, shit.
- Stop the boat!
[engine sputtering]
[Gail gasping]
- I'll go.
- All right.
- Hey, Gail!
Can you hear me now?
- Oh, I'm gonna kill you.
- [Colo] Stroke, Gail, stroke, come on.
- Watch your back.
- Come on, Stroke.
- [Gordon] Hey, Gail, how's the water?
[Gail gasping]
- Maybe you should drop the phone.
It's probably holding you back.
[laughing]
- All right.
- Stay calm, Gail.
- Come on
- Come on, stay calm.
- [Gordon] Use your phone
as a flotation device.
- All right, come on, Gail.
You're almost there, Gail.
- Come on,
it's just like a phone.
[dramatic music]
- I got it.
- Oh!
[Gail screaming]
- Holy shit!
- Holy shit.
- Get out!
- Hurry up!
- Hurry up, hurry up!
- Come on, come on!
- Grab it.
- Look out!
- Mitchell.
- Oh, my god.
- Yeah, Bill!
Oct him, Bill!
Oct him in the eye, Bill!
[crocodile roaring]
- Bill?
[Bill gasping]
- [Colo] Where'd he go?
- Where'd he go?
- Bill, Bill!
- I don't see him.
Where's he gone?
- Oh, my god.
[all gasping]
[Bill coughing]
- Oh, shit, you won.
[Bill panting]
- You're okay?
- I lost my phone.
- Sorry to hoar it.
- That was either the bravest
or the stupidest thing I've ever seen.
- It's a fine line.
- Good as new.
- Thanks.
- To Gail, who knows it's
better to cat than be eaten.
- To Gail.
- Hear, hear, baby.
- Almost eaten just to find a flower.
Hardly seems worth it.
- Oh, it's worth it.
I mean, think about it, right?
A pill that you take every
day for the rest of your lite.
Now, even if we charge,
say, a dollar a pop,
we're billionaires.
- [Cole] Yeah, that's what
I'm talking about, baby.
- At $100 a bottle,
I'll dive in that river
and fight that croc myself.
[all laughing]
- So how many flowers does
it take to save the world?
- We figure 50 orchids
will yield about an ounce of chemical.
- You could have a football
field full of those orchids,
still doesn't mean you can
get it through human trials.
[Tran exhales]
- She doesn't even believe in you.
- Comes with the territory.
In research, you've got
to go out on a limb.
And there's always someone
waiting to chop it off.
[Kong screeching]
[Gail Screaming]
- Where the hell have you been, huh?
[Kong screeching]
- Damn that thing!
- Where you been, boy?
Calm down, calm down.
- Poor guy.
- Lt's okay, it's all right.
- Looks like ho's seen a ghost.
- It's all right.
[Kong screeching]
It's all right.
- What if Gail's right?
I mean, colls in a Petri
dish are one thing.
Human trials are another.
- She's wrong.
And when Perrinia
immortalis goes to product,
and you and I can cash
in our Stock options,
we'll rub her face in it.
- Stock options?
- I spoke to Mitchell.
We're each giving you half a point.
- I don't know what to say.
- Don't say anything.
You deserve it.
All this wouldn't be
possible without your work.
- Jack.
I thought we decided against that.
- Yeah, yeah, you're right.
It would be fun, though.
I mean, here we are, travelling upriver
to the greatest discovery
of our careers, and,
now, if this orchid thing
works out, then, who knows?
- Is that why I'm here?
So you can give us one more try?
- You're here because you're
the best researcher I've got.
- [Bill] Am I interrupting something?
- No, no, I was, um,
I was just going to bed.
- Yeah.
Well, before you do that, we need to talk.
[thunder rumbling]
We got a problem.
See the water level?
- Uh-huh.
- In high water, the
Mendranang gets rough.
Now, what we could do is turn around
and try to find another course.
But that would take at least two days.
- We don't have the time.
- If the river becomes impassable,
it's gonna take a lot longer.
- And if we turn back, then
we're definitely screwed.
We're gonna have to risk it.
- What if I don't wanna risk it?
- Do you have any idea
what this flower means?
We're talking about
the biggest medical discovery in history.
- Wow, that does sound great, Jack.
But I was never any good at history.
You want me to risk the Mendranang,
it's gonna cost you an extra 50,000.
[suspenseful music]
- Done.
- Done?
Don't you gotta ask the
boss lady or Something?
- I'll pay it myself.
- All right, you got yourself a deal.
But if we hit trouble,
your people do what I say, you got that?
- You're the captain.
- Research proposals?
- Yeah, research proposals.
You're not the only
company we're in bed with.
- Yeah, but we're the
prettiest and most popular.
It's like sleeping with
the head cheerleader.
- Not quite.
- Come on, you know you love us.
- I love your cash.
- Then why don't you let
me get a look at that file.
I mean, after this orchid thing goes bust,
you're gonna be finished at Wexell-Hall
unless you got something else lined up.
- You really wanna see us fail, don't you?
- No, I just think that you will.
I am a scientist, you know.
- Scientist?
What are you doing at Wexell-Hall?
- I like science.
I just like money better.
- I'll drink to that.
[dramatic music]
[birds squawking]
[logs thumping]
[Kong chattering]
- River's flooded.
We can't see the banks.
- Miss our turnoff?
- [Tran] It's just ahead.
[boat rumbling]
- What the hell was that?
[steering wheel grinding]
- Rudder's jammed.
- What?
Watch out.
[steering wheel grinding]
Shit!
[dramatic music]
Oct up.
Everybody up.
- [Sam] Hey.
[Bill grunts]
- [Gordon] What's going on?
- [Bill] goddammit.
[engine whining]
[engine hissing]
Oh, shit, we've blown the head gasket.
- We all right?
- Hey, what's going on?
[engine hissing]
- What is it?
- We got problems.
- Hey, what's wrong, man?
- Bill, wait.
What are you talking about?
- We're shot.
- What problems?
[engine revving]
- Son of a bitch.
the current's too strong.
[engine revving]
- We missed our turnoff.
- I know.
Come on, baby.
- [Ben] Come on, man.
- [Gordon] What is it?
- [Colo] What is it?
- [Gordon] What do you see?
- Come on.
You got this.
Come on, girl.
[Kong chattering]
- Everybody, hang on!
- [Colo] Hang on to what?
[Sam gasping]
Come on!
Oh, shit!
- Holy shit.
- Oh, god.
[all screaming]
[gasping]
[coughing]
- [Tran] It's sinking, it's sinking!
- [Ben] Where's Cole?
- Swim to the rocks, this way.
- [Ben] Keep going.
[coughing]
[gasping]
Come on, get to the rocks.
Where's Cole?
Cole!
- Where's Cole?
- [Jack] Over there!
Over there, over there!
[Sam coughing]
- [Colo] Come on, man.
Give me your hand!
- [Ben] Come on.
You got it, Sam, come on.
- [Jack] Come on, Sam, give me your hand.
I've got you, I've got you, whoa.
Give me your hand, give me your hand.
- [Bill] Okay, I got her.
- You almost got us killed!
- You think I wanted this?
I just lost my damn boat!
- You're gonna lose your damn payday
if you don't got us out of this.
- You said you could got us there safely.
If you knew it was that dangerous,
you should've turned around.
- That's enough!
There's nothing we can do about that now.
It's a waste of energy.
What have we got?
- Some Specimen jars, a map,
a little water, no food.
- [Ben] Hard drive's ruined.
- Well, pretty much all
the equipment's Shot.
[phone beeps]
Except one of the sat phones still works.
It's online.
- Thank god, we can call the police.
- Police.
the nearest river patrol
is back in Padrang.
The only way to get to us is over that.
- are you saying wc're stuck here?
- Maybe not.
We're here.
The valley's completely flooded.
But I got a friend who operates
a boat on the Tokut River.
I can give him a call, and ho
can meet us here at Naga Rock.
- How far is that?
- I don't know.
A two-day hike down the river.
But if we bushwhack, we cut
at least a day off the trek.
- Oh, my god, you wanna go through that?
- It's the shortest way.
We could be safely in
the Tokut by nightfall.
- So we can continue with the expedition.
- Yeah, I'll got you to the flower.
- I don't care about that
flower, just get us to Safety.
- It's the same thing.
Now, we can either be on
my buddy's boat in 10 hours
or we can sit here and wait
for the river patrol for days.
- Your friend, is he reliable?
- Absolutely.
You'd better not screw me on this.
- Sounds like you're
already screwed, mate.
- Pay you two grand.
I need you on this one, John.
- Yes, yes, so it seems.
Look, Billy, I'd love to help you out,
but I'm flat out, mate, you know.
Probably squeeze you in
for, Say, five grand?
- You're killing me.
- That's mates' rates.
Or you could always hike back to Padrang,
if you wanna save bucks.
Up to you, pal.
- Fine, five.
- Yeah!
- But you'd better be there.
Otherwise, I'll tell your wife
about that little side trip to Bangkok.
[phones beeping]
- Wife's long gone, Billy.
Long gone, mate.
- All right, people, we're on.
Saddle up.
Stay together.
This jungle is all green all the time,
and you will got lost.
[dramatic music]
- It's like doing a
StairMaster in a sauna.
- Yeah, I might die of a heat stroke,
but I'll have a nice tight ass.
- That's the spirit, Cole.
- [Ben] You want me to grab that?
- Is that a trick question?
Here, man.
- Right between Spike and Woody.
Right between Spike and Woody.
[Kong chattering]
- You okay, Sam?
- I'm fine.
- See, a crisis separates the
real men from the pretenders.
- Yeah, can see that.
- What, that?
[Sam chuckles]
That's nothing.
[Cole panting]
- I tricked him into taking my bag.
[Bill panting]
- Hey, mind if I give it a try?
- Knock yourself out.
- Hey.
I'm sorry about your boat.
- Yeah, well.
It was a piece of shit anyway.
[suspenseful music]
- Can we go around?
- Yeah, we could, but
we'd lose another day.
let's go.
[Gail groans]
- [Gail] Shit.
[Kong chattering]
[Cole gasps]
- Hey, knock it off.
[Kong screeching]
[dramatic music]
[water gurgling]
[Sam gasps]
- Shit!
What was that?
- What was what?
- Something just moved.
- Oh, please, don't say that.
- No, I'm serious, something
just moved past me.
- Something juSt moved
as in something's alive?
- Yeah, man, shit, shit!
Yo, there it is again, man,
there's something in here.
- Cole, there's probably
a million things in here.
- He's right.
Just keep moving.
[humming theme from Jaws]
- Stop it.
I swear to god, if you don't stop it.
[Ben laughing]
Very funny.
Ben?
- Ben?
- Where'd he go?
- Shit.
Ben!
Ben?
- Ben!
[Ben screaming]
[Gail gasps]
- [Ben] Help me!
[screaming]
- Ben!
[Ben gasping]
[Sam gasping]
[anaconda hissing]
[all screaming]
- Run!
- [Colo] What the hell was that thing?
- Anaconda.
- Oh, great.
- [Gail] There's snakes out here that big?
- Yes, but there's no...
- But what?
That thing swallowed him whole!
- [Bill] if you calm down and listen
for a second
- No, no, no, no!
- I can explain to you...
- No, you calm down
and you listen!
Ben was eaten by a freaking snake, okay?
A freaking snake!
- Cole.
- Oh, god!
Oh, god.
Oh, my god, I mean...
- Cole.
- Oh, my god, did you see that thing?
We don't got a chance
against Something like that!
Mitchell, Mitchell, listen to me, man.
I watch the Discovery Channel, okay?
I'm telling you, we got no
chance, we got no chance!
We're like mice in an
aquarium, do you understand?
I mean, we're gonna die, girl.
We're gonna die, we're gonna die!
- Cole, Cole.
Calm down, okay?
Okay?
- Okay, Jack, I'm okay.
- Okay.
- I'm okay.
- I'll juSt.
I'm, I'm, I'm gonna sit right here.
I'm sorry.
- Listen, anacondas are territorial.
A snake that size will hunt a huge area.
There won't be another one for miles.
We gotta got to the boat.
It's not that far.
So if we keep moving and stick
together, we should be fine.
- We should be?
- How big do they get?
- That was the biggest
one I've ever Seen by far.
A freak of nature.
The odds of running into
another one that size
are astronomical.
- Yeah, but how do we know
that the one that got Ben
is not gonna come after us?
- It takes them weeks to digest.
Meal like that, he'll be
Sleeping it off for a while.
[somber music]
- Let's just get to
that boat and get home.
- What about the orchid?
- You've gotta be kidding me.
- It won't be in bloom
for another seven years.
- This expedition is over, Jack.
- Now, hold on a second, Gail.
There's a lot of money
at stake here, okay?
- I don't care!
Ben is dead!
We have lost someone.
As Wexell-Hall's representative,
I am calling this expedition off.
- You don't have the authority.
- Check your contract.
- In case you hadn't noticed,
we're in the middle of the jungle.
At this point, your authority
is what we say it is.
- Jack, I'm with her.
I gotta get the hell out of here, man.
- Look, Ben was my friend, okay?
I got him into this,
and no one fees worse about it than I do.
I don't wanna do anything stupid.
I just wanna accomplish
what we came here tor.
If we turn back now, Ben's
death would be for nothing.
- Let's just get back to the boat.
We can regroup and make our decision then.
- Fine.
- Jack, maybe Gail's right.
- She's just scared.
Once we got back to the
boat, she'll be okay.
- When we get back to the
boat, thiS expedition is over.
the only place I'm taking
these people is to Safety.
- Hey, hey, hey, we had a deal.
- Keep your money, doc.
Someone is dead.
We're officially in over our heads.
- You just said we wouldn't
run into another one
of those things.
- And we probably won't,
but I can't guarantee it.
So I'll get you to the boat,
and after that, we're done.
- Well, that answers it.
- That answers nothing.
I'll just throw more money at him
when we get back to the boat.
If he doesn't take it, I'll
offer his friend the same deal.
- Jack, maybe we should listen...
- Sam, if we don't get to that orchid now,
all of our work will
have been for nothing.
I need your support, okay?
You have as much riding on this as I do.
Don't let me down.
- [Cole] I saw this
special on Animal planet.
Anacondas are vicious, man.
I mean, they hunt for sport.
They don't even need
to See you to cat you.
I mean, they just use
their flicking tongues
to sense your body heat...
- Will you shut the hell up?
- And I knew this guy
who knew thiS other guy
who used to shoot documentaries,
and he won't down to the
Amazon with thiS crew once,
and they were all eaten by snakes.
That's a true story.
- Come on, you knew a guy who knew a guy,
that's an urban myth.
[suspenseful music]
[Bill sighing]
- I'm sorry about Ben.
I never should've stayed
on the Mendranang.
- What do you mean?
- Well, I figured he
didn't tell the others,
but I thought you know.
- Knew what?
- Byron offered me an extra
50 grand to stay on the river.
I told him it might get rough,
but he wanted to risk it.
Hey, don't blame him.
It was my call.
I took the money.
I thought I could get us through.
You wanna blame anyone?
You blame me.
[Kong chattering]
- These boots are killing me.
Colo.
- What?
- You got some.
[Cole screaming]
- [Colo] Oh, god, what is that?
Oct it off, get it off, got it off!
Oh, my god, take it off!
- All right, relax.
- Help me, help me!
- All right, hold on, hold on.
- [Colo] Help me, help me!
Get it off, get it off!
- Hold on, hey.
[Cole Shouting]
Okay, calm down.
Calm down.
Colo!
Cole, calm down.
- What is it, what is it?
Oct it off, Bill.
Oct it off, get it off,
get it off of me.
- All right, all right, look.
Just a lighter.
- Oh hell, no,
you ain't burning me.
- JuSt a lighter.
Just a lighter.
- Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
[lighter clicking]
- Shh, Shh.
- You burn me, I'll kill you.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
[leech sizzling]
[Gail gasping]
[Bill grunts]
[Cole Screams]
- You all right, you okay?
- [Colo] Yeah, I'm fine.
- Oh.
- Huh, what?
- Hold on.
Put your arms up.
- What are you doing?
Why are you going under my shirt?
[Gail gasps]
What you doing?
- Jesus.
- Jesus what?
What, what, what is it?
What is it, what is it?
- Anybody got a blowtorch?
[Cole groaning]
- Stop.
Careful.
- [Gordon] Whoa, whoa!
[Gail gasping]
- If that thing bit you,
you would be [speaking
in foreign language].
Paralyzed like stone for two days.
- [Jack] What do you call this fella?
- Laba laba batu, stone spider.
- I may have just discovered a
valuable new anesthetic agent
for Wexell-Hall.
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
Forget Wexell, we can get
thiS to the highest bidder.
- All right, show and tell's over.
We gotta got to that boat.
Put your boots on and let's go.
[singing drunkenly]
[boat thumps]
- Bugger it.
What the hell was that?
[suspenseful music]
Holy bloody hell.
[anaconda hissing]
[John screaming]
[bones snapping]
[engine revving]
[explosion rumbling]
- [Colo] Whoa, what was that?
- [Bill] Oh, my god.
- What the hell was that?
- [Bill] Come on.
- No, no, no, no!
Oh, come on, man!
- What the hell happened?
- Livingston!
- Here we go.
Ho got drunk and fell off the bloody boat!
[glass shatters]
- Your friend, your friend!
Now, what we gonna do now?
Shit!
- Search the wreckage.
Find anything we can use.
And hope to god there's a phone.
[dramatic music]
- [Sam] Oh, come on, come on.
Yes.
[Kong chattering]
- [Colo] Hello?
[static crackling]
Hello?
Oh, come on.
- Anything?
- Nothing.
- Keep trying.
- What do you think I'm doing, Jack?
[Kong screeching]
Hello?
Shit.
Come on, man, hello?
- [Jack] All right, keep looking!
[gentle instrumental music]
[birds Squawking]
- No phone?
- Nothing.
- Couldn't get a signal on the radio.
- Now what?
[gentle instrumental music]
[flies buzzing]
- What's going on?
- [Bill] Where'd these come from?
- Lopaks.
- Who?
- Local tribe, descended from headhunters.
- What?
- Been in this region
for thousands of years.
- Headhunters?
- There's still some villages around here.
- Yeah, it's supposed to be
one of their fishing Spots.
- No, hold on, excuse me.
Did you say headhunters?
- There haven't been practicing
headhunters in Borneo
for over a century.
- Yeah, well, just because
they ain't practicing
don't moan they don't remember how.
- They must be along
thiS branch of the river.
If we can find their village,
maybe they can lend us a boat.
- So wait a minute,
we just gonna walk towards
the headhunters, not away?
- [Bill] Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
[suspenseful music]
[birds squawking]
[Kong chattering]
Oh, god, I'm so hungry.
I'd sell my grandmother for a Tic Tac.
- You mention food one more time,
I'm voting you off this island.
[dramatic music]
[all gasping]
- [Colo] Oh, god.
[Gail screaming]
- Is that?
- Livingston.
- Oh, my god, man.
What the hell happened to him?
- Anaconda.
- If he was eaten by the snake,
then why is his body...
- Listen, listen, listen!
All right.
These things are at their
weakest when they digest.
But if threatened,
they will spit up their
food and attack again.
- What?
Are you telling me there's
some Snake out there
with an empty stomach?
- Yeah.
- The same one that got Ben?
- No, no.
There's no way that snake
could've gotten to Livingston.
It had to be another one.
- Another one?
You said that there wouldn't
be another one tor miles.
- It wouldn't.
Unless.
- Unless what?
- Unless it's mating season.
- Oh, my god.
- Mating season?
- Yeah.
You see, the males are territorial,
but when they smell a female in heat,
they come running from everywhere.
- Females find a nice, wet, muddy pit,
and they all go after her at
once in one big mating ball.
- So you're telling me
there's some snake orgy
out in the jungle?
- Yeah, something like that.
Look, we're losing the light.
All we gotta do is got to that village.
So please, pay attention.
Do not stray from the group.
let's go.
[suspenseful music]
[birds squawking]
- [Tran] Stay quice.
Sacred burial ground.
[flies buzzing]
[Gail groaning]
[Cole coughing]
[Gail coughing]
- Jesus.
[Cole coughing]
- I thought you said that anaconda
was the biggest that you'd ever seen.
- It was.
- Well, this one's...
- Bigger.
- The males must've come through here
looking for the female.
[Cole coughing]
- Some bullshit.
- They took their boats.
- Good for them.
Bad for us.
- Which one's the Mendranang?
- On the right.
The Tokut keeps going to the left.
Fastest way to Kotabaru.
- How long?
- You'll be soaking in a
tub at the Four Seasons
in two days.
- How, man, we don't even have a boat.
- We're gonna build one.
[dramatic music]
[lighter clicks]
[both grunting]
- Man, do that in my
neighborhood, and that's your ass.
Shit.
[Kong screeching]
[Jack sighing]
- Sam.
What docs this look like to you?
- My god.
Perrinia immortalis.
- Now we know why these snakes are so big.
- What?
- Anacondas keep growing
till they die, right?
And these are the biggest
Snakes Bill's ever Seen.
- Because they're living longer.
- Exactly.
Because perrinia immortalis
is part of the food chain.
These snakes have transcended
the Hayflick limit.
The chemical in the orchid
does exactly what we predicted.
And not in theory, in the real world.
This is proof, Sam, of your
research, carved in stone.
- This is proof?
It's anecdotal evidence at best.
- [Jack] Let's get to
the orchid and find out.
- You are out of your mind.
- Do you have any idea how close we are?
The orchid was found
here on the Mendranang
just around the next bend.
We'll be going right past it.
- No, we won't.
We are going down the Tokut.
If we continue down the Mendranang,
it's gonna be a week before
we reach another village.
I'm not waiting that long for my bath.
- Yeah, well, it's not up to you.
- Jack.
Maybe you can just come back.
- Come back?
In seven years?
What if it's not here?
What if some local farmer decides
to slash and burn the entire basin?
Instead of the fountain of youth,
we'll have a giant rice paddy.
This is our only chance.
You know it is.
Do you really wanna give
in when we're thiS close?
- Look, you know I got your back, right?
We've been in the trenches
100 times together.
But I'm not going in that jungle.
- Damn straight, man.
- Thank you.
- This is my expedition, and
we're going to the orchid.
- No.
We're not.
- Don't be an idiot, Sam.
This is bigger than
penicillin, for god's Sake.
Livce will be saved by this drug.
People will live longer,
they'll stay young longer.
If we don't put this to human trials,
it's gonna be a crime against humanity.
- Two people have died already.
- Scientists have always
risked their lives
to change the world.
If they didn't, we wouldn't have cures
for yellow fever, polio, and smallpox.
We all knew the risks.
- We thought we did.
Until you decided to
Start making decisions
behind our backs.
- What are you talking about?
- Ho offered Bill an extra 50 grand
to keep going up the Mendranang,
even though he knew it wasn't safe.
- Oh, my god.
- Is that tru, Jack?
- I was thinking of the expedetion.
- You were thinking of your career.
- Look, you're my assistant.
I don't need to consult you!
I'm the one with the authority here.
- We're in the middle of the jungle, Jack.
At this point, your authority
is what we say it is.
- Guess you got a mutiny on your hands.
Thank you.
[dramatic music]
- [Tran] Okay, keep it high.
Careful.
Center it right here.
[Kong chattering]
- [Bill] All right.
- [Sam] What re you doing?
- Never seen a man shave before?
[Bill grunts]
- Probably a lot Sharper before
you attacked that alligator.
- Crocodile.
- What's that mean?
- That means a new beginning.
It's Korean.
I got it when I was in the military.
- What brought you here?
- Long story.
- Where am I gonna go?
- All right.
Here's the deal.
I was in the Special Forces,
and I saw and did things
that I wanted to forget.
Sometimes we do the wrong things
for the right reasons, you know?
- It's not very long, as stories go.
- Yeah.
Well, I got out of the military,
came here and bought the Bloody Mary.
Just wanted to start a new life.
[thunder rumbling]
- Oh, thank you, Jack.
[object clatters]
- [Bill] On three, ready?
Ono, two, three.
- Two.
[all grunting]
- It works.
- Whoo!
- [Sam] All right.
[phone beeping]
- Let me explain.
- Why in the hell didn't
you tell me about this?
- The minute someone makes a
call, thiS expedition's over.
- Exactly.
[phone beeping]
- All I'm asking for is a few more hours.
We continue on the Mendranang,
take our orchid Samples,
then we call for help.
- Forget about it, Jack, all right?
I'm getting us out of here.
- Think about this, Gordon.
You're about to become a billionaire.
Do you really wanna give all that up?
- I don't care about the money, all right?
I wanna live.
[suspenseful music]
[thunder rumbling]
[phone beeping]
[Gordon groaning]
It bit me.
[thunder rumbling]
Jack, what are you?
What re you?
[Gordon groaning]
[Gordon panting]
Help.
[thunder rumbling]
- [Sam] Where's Mitchell?
- Resting his feet.
- Should I go get him?
- No, no.
Let him rest till we
get everything loaded.
- [Gail] Okay.
- Those blisters re pretty nasty.
- Mitchell, you okay?
Mitchell?
What is it?
Tell me.
[Gordon groaning]
[anaconda hissing]
What did you do to him, Jack?
- [Gail] What is it?
- Something is wrong with Mitchell.
- What re you talking about?
- You were in there alone with him.
What did you do?
- He was resting his feet.
I didn't do anything.
[Gordon grunting]
[Gordon screaming]
[Kong screeching]
[dramatic music]
- Oh shit.
- Oh, my god.
- [Bill] Oh, my god.
[Gail screaming]
- Gail, no, let's go!
- No, Mitchell, no!
- Got out, get out, go!
- [Colo] Come on, come on!
Move, move, move, move, go!
- The raft!
- What?
No!
You son of a bitch!
[Gail crying]
- We can build another one.
- With what?
With what, Sam?
- We gotta get to the raft.
It's our only way out of here.
- FYl, Bill, the raft is gone!
- We can get it back.
- How, huh?
How, we gonna swim after it now?
- Look, the village is here.
Jack is following the Mendranang.
We cut across the jungle.
We can catch him on the other side.
- Right.
- Catch him where?
- He's going to that orchid.
We find that flower,
we find that raft.
- Oh, thank god.
It's Jack Byron.
Listen, something terrible has happened.
We took the wrong way on the Mendranang.
We went over a waterfall.
I haven't seen anyone since.
I think I'm the only one loft.
- Wait, wait.
Shh, shh, listen.
[anaconda hissing]
- Oh, shit.
- Come on.
[Gail groaning]
- [Cole] Okay.
[anaconda hissing]
- It's in front of us.
- Son of a bitch.
It's trying to separate us.
- [Sam] What?
- Oh, shit.
[anaconda hissing]
Oh, Christ, it's everywhere.
- Turn that goddamn thing off.
They can see it.
- Doesn't matter.
They can sense our body heat.
- He's right.
Let's just get the hell out of here.
[dramatic music]
[all screaming]
- Which way?
- Hold on.
[anaconda hissing]
- Any way.
- Huh?
- Let's go, Cole!
- Okay, okay, okay.
Wait, wait for me!
- Come on!
- [Colo] Hold on, wait for me!
- [Gail] Oh, my god.
- If there's a way in, there's a way out.
- Oh, shit!
[Cole grunting]
Guys?
- Hey!
- Cole!
- Which way?
- Over hero!
- Cole!
- All right, say it again, say it again!
- Over here!
Over here, Cole!
- Hello!
- ThiS way, Cole!
- Guys!
- Colo!
- [Tran] Over here!
- Oh no.
Oh god.
Come on.
[Cole screaming]
Oh, my god!
No, no, no!
No, no.
- Cole.
Stay together.
- Okay, I promise.
Now can we please go?
- Let's go.
- No problem, okay, okay.
Which way?
- I don't know.
- What?
What do you mean, you don't know?
- I found you, didn't I?
[Tran grunts]
[dramatic music]
- Tran?
[Tran grunting]
Tran!
[Tran gasping]
Say something!
[Cole gasping]
Oh, shit.
Guys, guys!
- I can see light.
- [Gail] ls the way out?
- I don't know.
- [Bill] Cole!
Tran!
Can you hear me?
Colo!
Where are you?
- I think I found a way out.
- Take this.
Go, now.
- Where re they?
- Go.
- Oh, my god.
- [Cole] Help!
- Cole?
- Hey!
- Hey, right here.
[Cole panting]
- [Sam] Almost there.
[anaconda hissing]
- Holy shit!
[dramatic music]
Move, it's coming up my ass!
[Sam grunting]
Help me!
What did I do?
[anaconda hissing]
[Bill grunting]
- Where's Cole?
- Cole, Cole!
- Cole, come on!
- [Sam] Give me your hand.
- Oh, god.
I'm stuck, I'm stuck!
I'm stuck, pull me, man!
- All right, give me your arm.
- Come on!
[anaconda hissing]
Oh, my god, it's coming!
It's coming!
Pull!
[anaconda hissing]
[all screaming]
[Sam screaming]
[Gail gasping]
- That's what I'm talking about!
That's what I'm talking about, Sam!
Oh, my god!
You're the bomb, Sam!
You Lorena Bobbitt-cd that ass!
How you like her now, bitch, huh?
She sliced you, she diced
you, she cut you up!
That was, like, Sam
with the samurai action!
Sam!
[anaconda hissing]
[Gail screaming]
[Cole screaming]
- [Bill] Hell, no.
[dramatic music]
Colo!
- [Sam] Colo!
- [Gail] Cole!
- Cole!
[Kong screeching]
[Cole grunting]
[anaconda hissing]
[Cole coughing]
[Kong screeching]
[Cole grunting]
- [Bill] Got up, Cole.
Oct up, man.
Wake up, man.
Come on, man, wake up.
[Kong chattering]
- [Gail] No, no, no, no.
- [Sam] He's not breathing!
- Give him air, give him air!
- Okay, okay.
- [Gail] Again, again.
Come on, wake up.
Don't you die.
Don't die, come on, no.
[Cole gasping]
[Cole coughing]
[Kong chattering]
- What the fuck?
Get off me, get off, get off!
- No, no, no.
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
- It's me.
Stay down.
You're okay.
- I'm okay.
- Yeah.
- [Sam] You're okay.
[Cole coughing]
[Bill grunts]
[dramatic music]
[watch beeping]
[Jack panting]
[gentle instrumental music]
- Perrinia immortalis. [chuckling]
[thunder rumbling]
- Son of a bitch finally got his orchid.
- Yeah.
Ho can have them.
All I care about is that raft.
- Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
[twig snaps]
[thunder rumbling]
Oh, my god, thank god.
[Kong chattering]
- I think I know what
happened to Mitchell.
[Cole gasps]
- I can't let you take that.
You guys look like hell.
- You don't know what hell is.
- I'm sorry, but you gave me no choice.
- Did you give Mitchell a
choice before you killed him?
- I didn't kill Mitchell.
- No, you just let him die.
I saw the spider bite on his arm.
- What was I supposed to do, Sam, huh?
the right thing?
- It's always a good place to start.
[gun fires]
[Gail yelps]
[Bill grunts]
[Kong screeching]
- Let's not be stupid about this.
Let's get to the flower,
we can all go home.
[dramatic music]
[thunder rumbling]
[anacondas hissing]
- The mating ball.
[Jack grunting]
[Kong screeching]
[Gail gasps]
- Give me the flare.
Tic him up.
Now!
Fill it up.
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Do I look like I'm kidding?
Fill it up!
[Sam whimpering]
[Kong screeching]
[log cracks]
[Sam Screams]
[Kong screeches]
Oct up!
Now get the flowers.
- Okay.
[Sam crying]
[Kong screeching]
[thunder rumbling]
[log cracking]
[Sam Screaming]
- Throw me the pack.
- Drop the gun!
[gun fires]
[Gail screams]
- Throw me the pack.
[Sam grunting]
[Sam sobbing]
[anaconda hissing]
[Bill grunting]
[Jack groaning]
- Got up, Bill!
Oct up!
[Bill groaning]
[Kong screeching]
Come on, man!
Oct up!
[Bill coughing]
[Jack panting]
- Got up!
- Sam, come on!
Come on, come on, girl, hurry up!
- Come on!
- Sam, come on!
- Come on, hurry up!
Hurry up, Sam!
[Sam gasps]
Come on, come on!
Come on, baby, come on!
[Jack groaning]
- Shit.
- Come on, baby.
- You got it!
- [Colo] Come on, you're almost there.
Come on!
- You got it, honey, come on!
[Bill grunting]
- Ah, spider.
- Reach for me!
Come on, Sam, please!
Roach, roach!
[Jack groaning]
- Ah!
- Give me your hand.
[Jack screaming]
- [Colo] Come on!
- Right here!
[Sam screaming]
- [Colo] No, no, no!
No!
[Sam Screaming]
- [Sam] Oh, god!
- Come on, Sam, come on!
Keep coming!
Come on, girl.
Climb up that wall, Sam!
Keep moving.
Come on, girl!
[anaconda hissing]
Come on, come on, I got you.
[thunder rumbling]
[all screaming]
Come on, Sam, get back!
- Oh shit, oh shit, oh.
[Kong chattering]
[anaconda growling]
[anaconda hissing]
- Hey!
[anaconda growling]
Over here, bitch!
[Gail screaming]
[gun clicking]
[Sam crying]
[anaconda screeching]
[Kong screeching]
[Cole screaming]
[Gail screaming]
- Holy shit.
[Bill chuckling]
Nice shot.
[Gail panting]
- What can I say?
I'm a bad man.
[Sam chuckling]
[Kong chattering]
[bright instrumental music]
Ah, you two look like you made up.
- He's not so bad.
- How's that?
- Much better.
I think I'll live.
- Good.
It's kinda nice having you around.
- So, how much further to my bath?
- Kotabaru?
I'd say another day downriver.
- Whoa, another day?
Oh, I'm not rowing another day, homeboy.
- [Bill] All right.
Let's see, we got this
Shortcut, right up...
- [Colo, Sam, Gail] No!
[upbeat music]
You ask for questions
when you already know why
Looking for empathy when you can't cry
You give it away
You give it all away
You're giving it all
away for one more try
We have reached the mountains
As they crumble down into the sea
Fire falling from the sky
Joy in our security
Chapow
It's malovolent
All fear is born inside
Chapow
Seems it's never meant
For anyone else but you
Chapow
It's malovolent
All fear is born inside
Chapow
Seems it's never meant
For anyone else but you
You've made mistakes
And you wish them all away
What was up is coming
down, you Stumble
You give it a kiss
You kiss it all away
You're kissing it all
away for one last try
We have reached the fountains
That were all flowing endlessly
Hunger growing in our gut
Awakens us in unity
Chapow
It's malovolent
All fear is born inside
Chapow
Seems it's never meant
For anyone else but you
Chapow
It's malovolent
All fear is born inside
Chapow
Seems it's never meant
For anyone else but you
Ah ah ah
[screaming]
[dramatic music]